Add new pattern: use custom traits to avoid complex type bounds (#437)
rust-unofficial/patterns: src/SUMMARY.md

    - [Compose Structs](./patterns/structural/compose-structs.md)
    - [Prefer Small Crates](./patterns/structural/small-crates.md)
    - [Contain unsafety in small modules](./patterns/structural/unsafe-mods.md)

>     - [Use custom traits to avoid complex type bounds](./patterns/structural/trait-for-bounds.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Avoid complex type bounds with custom traits](./patterns/structural/trait-for-bounds.md)
```
